README.md, before:


Device configuration for Unihertz Atom L (Atom_L)
=================================================
This device tree is intended for the usage in a LineageOS or similar building environment.

The Unihertz Atom L (codenamed simply _"Atom_L"_) is a rugged small smartphone from Unihertz, released in July 2020. It is similar to the Atom XL but without integrated amateur radio support.

| Basic                   | Spec Sheet                                                                                                                     |
| -----------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| CPU                     | Octa-core                                                                                                                      |
| Chipset                 | Mediatek Helio P60                                                                                                             |
| GPU                     | Mali-G72 MP3                                                                                                                   |
| Memory                  | 6 GB RAM                                                                                                                       |
| Shipped Android Version | 10                                                                                                                             |
| Storage                 | 128 GB                                                                                                                         |
| Battery                 | Non-removable Li-Po 4300 mAh battery                                                                                           |
| Display                 | 1136 x 640 pixels, ~16:9 ratio (~300 ppi density)                                                                              |
| Camera (Rear - Main)    | 48MP                                                                                                                           |
| Camera (Front)          | 8MP                                                                                                                            |

## Special Thanks To

- [PeterCxy from the XDA forum](https://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=5351691) for helping me and providing the device tree for Atom L.
- [The device tree for the Atom L](https://cgit.typeblog.net/android/device/unihertz/Atom_L/)
- [a-dead-trousers from the XDA forum](https://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=7624432) for a similar effort on the Atom XL and most of the documentation you see in this repo. 
- [The device tree for the Atom XL](https://github.com/ADeadTrousers/android_device_Unihertz_Atom_XL)

## Documentations

- [HOW-TO-BUILD.md](https://github.com/jamesbrock0/Atom_L/blob/master/docs/HOW-TO-BUILD.md) - Building instructions for LineageOS 17.1.
- [HOW-TO-INSTALL.md](https://github.com/jamesbrock0/Atom_L/blob/master/docs/HOW-TO-INSTALL.md) - Installation instructions for the Atom XL.
- [HOW-TO-UPDATE.md](https://github.com/jamesbrock0/Atom_L/blob/master/docs/HOW-TO-UPDATE.md) - Update instructions for the Atom XL.
- [HOW-TO-EXTRACT_FILES.md](https://github.com/jamesbrock0/Atom_L/blob/master/docs/HOW-TO-EXTRACT_FILES.md) - Instructions to extract files directly from the Atom XL stock rom files.

Commit message:

Updated README with documentation about scripts and tools subdirectories.

README.md, after:


Device configuration for Unihertz Atom L (Atom_L)
=================================================
This device tree is intended for the usage in a LineageOS or similar building environment.

The Unihertz Atom L (codenamed simply _"Atom_L"_) is a rugged small smartphone from Unihertz, released in July 2020. It is similar to the Atom XL but without integrated amateur radio support.

| Basic                   | Spec Sheet                                                                                                                     |
| -----------------------:|:------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| CPU                     | Octa-core                                                                                                                      |
| Chipset                 | Mediatek Helio P60                                                                                                             |
| GPU                     | Mali-G72 MP3                                                                                                                   |
| Memory                  | 6 GB RAM                                                                                                                       |
| Shipped Android Version | 10                                                                                                                             |
| Storage                 | 128 GB                                                                                                                         |
| Battery                 | Non-removable Li-Po 4300 mAh battery                                                                                           |
| Display                 | 1136 x 640 pixels, ~16:9 ratio (~300 ppi density)                                                                              |
| Camera (Rear - Main)    | 48MP                                                                                                                           |
| Camera (Front)          | 8MP                                                                                                                            |

## Scripts

The _scripts_ subdirectory and _tools_ subdirectory are not part of the actual device tree. _tools_ contains the latest _imjtool_ and _repo_ binaries for convenience, and the _scripts_ subdirectory contains a number of helpful bash scripts for doing new builds, updating a build, deploying a release to a device, etc. Although they should work in any Linux environment, these scripts were only tested under my personal Ubuntu 18.04 environment, and so I make no guarantees about them working for you, but they contain some documentation and good examples of the workflows needed to use this repository. 

## Documentations

- [HOW-TO-BUILD.md](https://github.com/jamesbrock0/Atom_L/blob/master/docs/HOW-TO-BUILD.md) - Building instructions for LineageOS 17.1.
- [HOW-TO-INSTALL.md](https://github.com/jamesbrock0/Atom_L/blob/master/docs/HOW-TO-INSTALL.md) - Installation instructions for the Atom XL.
- [HOW-TO-UPDATE.md](https://github.com/jamesbrock0/Atom_L/blob/master/docs/HOW-TO-UPDATE.md) - Update instructions for the Atom XL.
- [HOW-TO-EXTRACT_FILES.md](https://github.com/jamesbrock0/Atom_L/blob/master/docs/HOW-TO-EXTRACT_FILES.md) - Instructions to extract files directly from the Atom XL stock rom files.


## Special Thanks To

- [PeterCxy from the XDA forum](https://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=5351691) for helping me and providing the device tree for Atom L.
- [The device tree for the Atom L](https://cgit.typeblog.net/android/device/unihertz/Atom_L/)
- [a-dead-trousers from the XDA forum](https://forum.xda-developers.com/member.php?u=7624432) for a similar effort on the Atom XL and most of the documentation you see in this repo. 
- [The device tree for the Atom XL](https://github.com/ADeadTrousers/android_device_Unihertz_Atom_XL)
